good afternoon guys, youtube
video lesson that I will be helping
Do you have a problem with your android phone?
the android system the tablet also
you connect to the internet, put the password
connects to the internet but can not
to navigate a form or something else
walks
so I tried several tutorials regarding
that some told me to play it and
switch the idea from the router to
reset the router to change the password change
the network name but nothing helped me
So you also went through this
problem hum
So she's here with me, I'm going to
show how this is solved
How are you going to solve the first one?
step is you will have to find the ip of the
your router has to find ipê has
two ways to do this I'll tell you
show first then you come here
start will search you type cmb
does not enter and will appear on the black screen
here you will type bitter with ip vai
appear these values ​​here that you will
find accurate and this is what the gateway
standard here is the case of my
computer 192.168 or 6.1
note there your must be different from mine
note there why you will need to use
He 'll close it later and I can
display the module mode for you
also look for which is the following comes
Do not worry about your internet here
click here above will open central
network sharing
here is also the network connection
the guinea you click here up here
general appears details you click here
in detail the details will also
demonstrate your identity
ipe fact of here then default gateway
192.168.2.1 of honey
the note of yours that you will use now
then it's these values ​​you date to
Who do you think that you're going to do?
value you will annoy him like it is
a a site then open here my google
chrome or enter these values
192.168.1.1 inter and will open here my
router that in case my atp link you
must have another brand
so everyone probably asks for a login
the tp link is this one admin and
The password of me you type twice
Same thing here and will enter
so if you have another router
search the internet for tutorials
respect it or in the manual as well.
probably the password and login will appear
in general from your router
In the case of honey in
settings
What we want to change is the door.
voice that is here in that header you
will find here the interface in the
letter
I'll click here and I'll find it here
to the door that 's what we're going to change
so here
where is the primary dns and dn dns
secondary are those values you
will change here you must have some values
different what are you going to do?
change they will get here will
select all and will
same values as what I have here
which is 8.8 1.8 with port
after that on the bottom you will put
these values ​​here 8.8 point 4.4
exactly these values here you go
vote after typing these values
What are you going to do
the screen it blinks because the
network is updating every ten
seconds then maybe complicated a
little but it's normal to happen then
you will dictate 8888 do not forget the
8,844 put these in the secondary
values ​​here you come save save here save
go here getting network parameter
only a message will appear that
below that did not appear on mine because
did not appear by mine already had these
values
so I'll show you now which message
It will then appear that I will do
now that you do not have to have sex
just to give you a copy will appear
this message that announced the change in
settings will not take effect until the
router reboot please
click here to start you will click
here then will appear this land
asking to restart and you go on ok
Actually restart ok here and then you want
even start the system so then
router is now rebooting with
this other inss port values
secondary school and will be
solved your problem how to solve the
My what are you doing yours on yours?
tablet on the mobile first you go
forget varina in your account he is going
forget
Then she will leave you there for doing
a new search will look for the signal with
your name in case of my failure
so you first forget about fagner
After you search the fire you will find
nice to meet you
okay and then you type your new pa
password in case you have password and will
enter normally and you will solve
your problem
with the internet and that's what I hope
helped you that any problem
we're there